[6.0.0] Add docs regarding the configurations to preserve locally added claims of JIT provisioned users. (#3890)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-federation/jit-workflow.md

- Editing JIT-provisioned user’s attributes will not be allowed.
- Ability to lock JIT provisioned user accounts based on social identity.

> ## Preserve Locally Added Claims of JIT Provisioned Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deleting local claims of JIT Provisioned Users
```

> Identity server deletes the existing local claims of JIT provisioned users that are not coming in the federated login after the provisioning.
> 
> You can change this default behavior to keep locally added claims of JIT provisioned users by  avoiding deleting the attributes that are not coming in the federated login after the provisioning.
> 
> To preserve locally added claims of JIT provisioned users, add the following configuration to deployment.toml in the `/conf` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Identity Server 5.11.0, the existing local claims of JIT provisioned users that are not coming in the federated login are not deleted after the provisioning. 

In Identity Server 6.0.0, this behavior has been changed. The attribute sync process has changed to delete the local claims, which are not present in the IDP claim mapping of the JIT-provisioned users. 

If the previous behavior is required, add the following configuration to the `deployment.toml` file.
```
